Support Mirrors with Index Views in Spack CI (#52044)
spack/spack: lib/spack/docs/pipelines.rst

Only needed if you want ``spack ci rebuild`` to trust the key you store in this variable, in which case, it will subsequently be used to sign and verify binary packages (when installing or creating build caches).
You could also have already trusted a key Spack knows about, or if no key is present anywhere, Spack will install specs using ``--no-check-signature`` and create build caches using ``-u`` (for unsigned binaries).

``SPACK_CI_BUILDCACHE_VIEW``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Optional.
Only needed when using a ``buildcache-destination`` mirror that points at a build cache view.

> This option affects the behavior the ``reindex`` job (:ref:`rebuild_index`) can have the values ``force`` or ``append`` which mirror behavior described by ref:`cmd-spack-buildcache-update-view`.

Reviewer: I didn't get this sentence.

Author: What don't you get? It is saying what is affected, what the available options are, and where to get more detail on what the options do.

Reviewer: I am missing commas to make sense out of it.
With 2 commas and 2 typos, I get:
```suggestion
This option affects the behavior of the ``reindex`` job (:ref:`rebuild_index`), can have the values ``force`` or ``append``, with mirror behavior described by ref:`cmd-spack-buildcache-update-view`.
```
Is that what you meant?

Reviewer: Or one comma and one typo :
```suggestion
This option affects the behavior the ``reindex`` job (:ref:`rebuild_index`) can have, the values ``force`` or ``append`` mirror behavior described by ref:`cmd-spack-buildcache-update-view`.
```

Reviewer: Also second `ref:` should be `:ref:`.

Author: Better? I split the sentence and incorporated some of you comments.

Reviewer: Yep! Looks good!
